system-variables: add init connect (#5755)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: (system hostname)
- The hostname of the TiDB server as a read-only variable.

### init_connect

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Default value: ""

> - The `init_connect` feature permits a SQL statement to be executed when users first connect to a TiDB server.
> - Users that have the `CONNECTION_ADMIN` or `SUPER` privileges will not execute the `init_connect` statement.
> - If the `init_connect` statement results in an error, the user connection will be terminated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `init_connect` feature permits a SQL statement to be automatically executed when you first connect to a TiDB server. If you have the `CONNECTION_ADMIN` or `SUPER` privileges, this `init_connect` statement will not be executed. If the `init_connect` statement results in an error, the user connection will be terminated.
```

Reviewer 2: @morgo, please check the comment from Tom as above and update the docs if applicable. Thanks!
